Update repair oriented examples (#3563)
scylladb/scylla-manager: docs/source/repair/examples.rst

  Duration:       6s
  Progress:       50%
  Intensity:      5/5 (max) // running with '--intensity 0' when 5 is the max supported value
  Parallel:       2/3       // running with '--parallel 2'  when 3 is the max supported value
  Datacenters:
    - dc1
    - dc2

  ╭───────────────────────────────┬────────────────────────────────┬──────────┬──────────╮
  │ Keyspace                      │                          Table │ Progress │ Duration │
  ├───────────────────────────────┼────────────────────────────────┼──────────┼──────────┤
  │ system_auth                   │                role_attributes │ 100%     │ 0s       │
  │ system_auth                   │                   role_members │ 100%     │ 0s       │
  │ system_auth                   │               role_permissions │ 0%       │ 0s       │
  │ system_auth                   │                          roles │ 0%       │ 0s       │
  ╰───────────────────────────────┴────────────────────────────────┴──────────┴──────────╯

Note that the ``Parallel`` and ``Intensity`` properties are displayed only for a running repair task and include
changes applied via :ref:`sctool repair control <repair-control>`.

> For checking parameters of not running repair task use :ref:`sctool tasks --show-properties <task-list>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the parameters of not running repair tasks, use :ref:`sctool tasks --show-properties <task-list>`.
```
